Create Section 4 of Controller Admin guide (#657)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/con-controller-custom-dynamic-inv-scripts.adoc

[id="con-controller-custom-dynamic-inv-scripts"]

= Custom Dynamic Inventory Scripts

A custom dynamic inventory script stored in version control can be imported and run. 
This makes it much easier to make changes to an inventory script.

> Rather than having to copy and paste one into {ControllerName}, it is pulled directly from source control and then executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather than having to copy and paste a script into {ControllerName}, it is pulled directly from source control and then executed.
```

> The script must be written to handle any credentials required for its task. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script must handle any credentials required for its task. 
```
